[INVE-29527] Update versions for new Siren AI release (#33)
sirensolutions/sirensolutions.github.io: siren-ai.md

* Extends the Siren API scripting environment by providing a set of methods for interacting programmatically with a configured LLM. This allows for the customization of UIs and workflows that integrate generative AI.

> The supported LLM providers are OpenAI, Azure OpenAI, Ollama, and AWS Bedrock. Please refer to the [official documentation](https://docs.siren.io/siren-ai/2.0/siren-ai/c_introduction.html) to learn more about this plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The supported LLM providers are OpenAI, Azure OpenAI, AWS Bedrock and any provider that uses an OpenAI Chat-compliant API. Please refer to the [official documentation](https://docs.siren.io/siren-ai/2.0/siren-ai/c_introduction.html) to learn more about this plugin.
```

| Investigate version | Siren AI Plugin |
|---------------------|-----------------|

> | 15.1.0 and later    | [2.0.0](https://download.siren.io/plugins/siren-ai/siren-ai-2.0.0.zip)<br>[1.4.0](https://download.siren.io/plugins/siren-ai/siren-ai-1.4.0.zip) | 

Reviewer: We don't want to remove 1.4.0

Reviewer 2: Its still there :D

Reviewer: Ah, _I am blind_ :eye: :x:
